---
layout: page
title: Accommodation
permalink: /accommodation
---

Accommodation in Riga, Latvia
=============================

Accommodation for all guests on the evening of the wedding will be organized at
the reception location. Please let us know in advance if you have a preference
for the room (double, twin, single, family), and we will do our best to arrange
everyone. If you wish to travel to Latvia a few days before the wedding, or stay
longer after the wedding, there are many options including hotels, hostels, and
guest-houses.

![Riga](../images/riga.jpg)

We recommend choosing a hotel in Riga's city center, as that will allow you to
explore the city by foot, and gives easy access to transportation if you wish to
travel outside the capital. We suggest considering the options on
[booking.com](http://booking.com).

Here are a few recommended hotels, from which we plan to provide pickup on the
wedding day. Please note that we are considering group rate options and hope to
update this space with new information.

### Grand Palace Hotel

[http://grandpalaceriga.com/](http://grandpalaceriga.com/)

*Built in 1877 as the Central Bank of Latvia, it was turned into a boutique
5-star superior hotel in the year 2000 offering a place of warmth and comfort,
accompanied by attentive and impeccable service.*

*Grand Palace Hotel is located in the quiet centre of the historical Riga Old
Town. It is surrounded by prestigious UNESCO World Heritage monuments, central
to major city tourism objects, shopping streets, corporate offices and
embassies.*

*Such sightseeing objects as the Dome Square, Dome Cathedral, Riga Castle and
Daugava River are less than 200 meters (218 yards) away from the hotel.
Blackheads House, St. Peter's Church, Freedom Monument and Opera House are
within a 7 minute leisurely walk.*

*Voted as Latvia's Leading Hotel for the past 10 years by World Travel Awards,
the magnificent Grand Palace Hotel is located in the business, shopping and
sightseeing district - Riga Old Town. In May 2015 the official rating for the
hotel has been upgraded from 5-star to 5-star Superior.*

### Hotel Bergs

[http://www.hotelbergs.lv/](http://www.hotelbergs.lv/)

*Contemporary chic in the center of Riga- Hotel Bergs is a smart, five-star
haven in the charming historical quarter known as the Bergs Bazaar with boutique
shops and cafes.*

*With 37 large designer suites, the Hotel Bergs features a gourmet restaurant
and summer terrace, original artwork, a fitness and wellness center, elegant
meeting lounges and a penthouse event space with great city views.*

*Just a few blocks away, discover Riga's old town and the stunning art nouveau
district, visit Riga's Central Market, the largest open-air market in Europe, or
enjoy a spectacular night at the opera.*

### Neiburgs Hotel

[http://www.neiburgs.com/](http://www.neiburgs.com/)

*Housed in a listed Art Nouveau building in the very heart of the Old Town of
Riga, in a quiet and picturesque little street just off the Dome Cathedral - a
five-minute walk from the Opera, a number of Riga concert halls and museums -
Hotel Neiburgs awaits you with a combination of heritage and contemporary
design; spacious and light apartments; comfortable bathrooms; splendid views of
the Old Town; comfort, friendly and hospitable service, as well one of the
city's most popular restaurants.*

### Radisson Blu Elizabete Hotel

[https://www.radissonblu.com/en/elizabetehotel-riga](https://www.radissonblu.com/en/elizabetehotel-riga)

*Walk to top attractions such as the Freedom Monument, the Latvian National
Museum of Art and Riga Cathedral from the Radisson Blu Elizabete Hotel, Riga.
Our beautiful 4-star accommodation features artful design on both the exterior
and interior while incorporating conveniences like coffee provisions and Free
high-speed, wireless Internet in every room. For a memorable dining experience,
visit the on-site Restaurant C.U.T. and sit amid a glass-enclosed courtyard, and
then head next door to the Bar at C.U.T. for drinks with friends or other hotel
guests. To add to the hotel's appeal, we've included desirable amenities and
services to enhance your stay. Exercise in our modern fitness center, unwind in
our Nordic sauna or make requests with ease using One Touch Service. If you're
hosting a gathering in Riga, ask about our 2 state-of-the-art meeting rooms with
modern audiovisual capabilities and full-service catering options.*

### Albert Hotel

[http://www.alberthotel.lv/](http://www.alberthotel.lv/)

*Set along a bustling cobblestone street, this tower hotel with an imposing,
functionalist-style exterior, is a 6-minute walk from the Latvian National
Museum of Art, and a 15-minute walk from the iconic Cat House.*

*The modern rooms, with streamlined wood decor and warm tones, feature free
Wi-Fi, flat-screen TVs and minibars. Upgraded rooms add designer toiletries and
city views; some have espresso machines and sitting areas.*


Accommodation in Jurmala
------------------------

![Jurmala](../images/jurmala.jpg)

If you would prefer to spend your evenings away from the crowds, and stay near
the beach, we suggest considering Jurmala. It is close to Riga - approximately
25 minutes - and the boardwalk and beaches here are a popular attraction for
tourists.

Outside the center of Riga, public transportation is less accessible. However,
taxis are fairly inexpensive. You can find some more information about Jurmala
at [visitjurmala.lv](http://www.visitjurmala.lv/en/). On the morning of the
wedding we would request that you arrange to meet the rest of the group in Riga
center.
