---
layout: page
title: Travellers
permalink: /travellers
---

Here you will find some useful information regarding traveling to Riga, Latvia

First of all, Riga is the Capital and the largest city of Latvia, and soon you
will find out that the only Airport in Latvia is located in ... Riga. We usually
use <http://skyscanner.com> search engine to find our tickets to Latvia, but
some of the best local sites are <http://letasaviobiletes.lv> and
<http://lidot.lv>. We are happy to help you find your tickets, therefore, please
feel free to get in touch with us.

Travelling from the United States:

We suggest you book your tickets in advance and ask us if you are unsure about
the airlines that operate within the Baltic States. We usually choose Finnair,
Norwegian Airlines or Scandinavian Airlines, and their partners Air Baltic when
travelling to and from US.  However, there are many more options but please try
to avoid Russian airline Aeroflot if you do not wish to be stuck in the crowded
Moscow Sheremetyevo airport.

Since Latvia is a party to the Schengen Agreement you do not need visa to travel
to Latvia and stay there for up to ninety days. Please see the page below if you
wish to familiarize yourself with some useful travel information:

<https://travel.state.gov/content/passports/en/country/latvia.html>

Travelling from the United Kingdom and other European countries:

If you are travelling to Riga from the United Kingdom we suggest you take a
plane, otherwise it might take you up to 40 hours to drive to Latvia. Best tip
would be to pick a direct flight, since that would save you time and energy.
There are direct flights to Riga from London, Glasgow and other major cities and
are usually operated by Ryanair. Another good option, if you are travelling from
Edinburgh, is  Norwegian Airlines, however, a transfer in Oslo is usually part
of their journey to Latvia.

If you are travelling from any other European country, we suggest taking a look
at airbaltic.com, as they do direct flights to many European cities including
Prague and Vilnius.
