wedding-day.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Wedding Day
permalink: /wedding-day
---

Our wedding ceremony and celebration throughout the night will take place in
[Malpils Manor](http://malpilsmuiza.lv/en/wedding-celebration/), about an hour
away from Riga, in the countryside.  Accommodation and transportation to/from
the venue will be provided, and we kindly ask you to include any requirements
you may have in your RSVP.

![Forest](../images/lovestory-1.JPG)


# Order of proceedings

Please find information below on the main plan and schedule for the wedding.
These times are only provisional.

| **September 12**  |        |
| 11AM-12PM         | Bus leaves from Riga city centre to bring guests to Malpils Manor. |
| 1PM               | Arrival to venue, greeted by event master and check-in at the Manor Hotel.  Free time to refresh, have a coffee,  relax. |
| 1:45PM            | Please take your seats (you will find information about the ceremony location upon arrival). |
| 2PM               | Ceremony starts. |
| 3PM               | Champagne and Hours d'Ouvers, photos taken. |
| 5PM-Midnight      | Dinner, speeches, dancing and much more. |
| Midnight          | Latvian midnight wedding ritual followed by wedding cake. |
| After midnight    | Join us as we dance the night away! |
| **September 13**  |       |
| Late Morning      | Brunch, drinks, mingling. |
| 2PM               | Bus returns to Riga.      |


# Attire

There are no restrictions or requests on what you should or should not wear;
please feel free to wear traditional dress or anything else you wish.  Most
wedding guests in Latvia choose to wear semiformal clothing - suits and dresses.

In September the temperature is likely to be around 12 degrees celcius (55
farenheit), and rain is unpredictable.  We suggest to bring a light jacket.


# Traditions and Gifts

It is a Latvian tradition to congratulate the couple after the wedding ceremony
by gifting flowers.  The choice of gifting flowers at our wedding is white
lysanthius.  These flowers will be available at the Manor for you to collect
prior to the ceremony.

Your presence at our wedding is all that we wish for. However if you want to
give a gift, we will be grateful to receive a small cash donation towards our
honeymoon.

Commit message:

add note about apparel for following morning

wedding-day.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Wedding Day
permalink: /wedding-day
---

Our wedding ceremony and celebration throughout the night will take place in
[Malpils Manor](http://malpilsmuiza.lv/en/wedding-celebration/), about an hour
away from Riga, in the countryside.  Accommodation and transportation to/from
the venue will be provided, and we kindly ask you to include any requirements
you may have in your RSVP.

![Forest](../images/lovestory-1.JPG)


# Order of proceedings

Please find information below on the main plan and schedule for the wedding.
These times are only provisional.

| **September 12**  |        |
| 11AM-12PM         | Bus leaves from Riga city centre to bring guests to Malpils Manor. |
| 1PM               | Arrival to venue, greeted by event master and check-in at the Manor Hotel.  Free time to refresh, have a coffee,  relax. |
| 1:45PM            | Please take your seats (you will find information about the ceremony location upon arrival). |
| 2PM               | Ceremony starts. |
| 3PM               | Champagne and Hours d'Ouvers, photos taken. |
| 5PM-Midnight      | Dinner, speeches, dancing and much more. |
| Midnight          | Latvian midnight wedding ritual followed by wedding cake. |
| After midnight    | Join us as we dance the night away! |
| **September 13**  |       |
| Late Morning      | Brunch, drinks, mingling. |
| 2PM               | Bus returns to Riga.      |


# Attire

There are no restrictions or requests on what you should or should not wear;
please feel free to wear traditional dress or anything else you wish.  Most
wedding guests in Latvia choose to wear semiformal clothing - suits and dresses.

In the following morning for brunch the same applies - wear what you like. For
reference, we will be dressed smart-casual.

In September the temperature is likely to be around 12 degrees celcius (55
farenheit), and rain is unpredictable.  We suggest to bring a light jacket.


# Traditions and Gifts

It is a Latvian tradition to congratulate the couple after the wedding ceremony
by gifting flowers.  The choice of gifting flowers at our wedding is white
lysanthius.  These flowers will be available at the Manor for you to collect
prior to the ceremony.

Your presence at our wedding is all that we wish for. However if you want to
give a gift, we will be grateful to receive a small cash donation towards our
honeymoon.
